i just woke up thinking about going home
with you and got very excited about
christmas
i get to go meet the people that made my
favorite person i'll always take
december
abby you and harper have a perfect
relationship she is
my person and i really want everyone to
know that i want to marry her
what are you doing on your phone i left
a gentleman alone in my apartment so i'm
tracking him to make sure he leaves
you're tracking him yeah i track
everybody if the nsa can do it so can i
[Music]
i'm so excited i can't believe i'm
finally going to meet everyone there's
something that we should talk about
hi i didn't tell my parents i'm gay so
who do they think i am this
is harper's orphan friend abby yes of
course
they're there you're so brave
you don't need to be i cannot believe
i've got all my daughters under one roof
so her parents believe their straight
daughter brought home her lesbian friend
for christmas not exactly they also
think that i'm straight
have they ever met a lesbian this is why
i avoid christmas it brings out the
worst in everything i've always skated
circles around you
i love it when they do this you're such
a cheetah makes it so fun
no really just be yourself but don't lie
you're a very
bad liar riley harper this is abby abby
is my orphan roommate we i
am an orphan but we live together as
friends um like acquaintances
i can relate to being in love with
somebody that is too afraid to show the
world who they are
what are you doing in the closet
i'm here to rescue you are you the
ex-boyfriend yes
i am very sexually attracted to her
a female i nailed that and she is
fabulous
[Music]
i am scared that if i tell them who i
really am i will lose them do you know
how painful it's been to watch the
person that i love
hide me i am not hiding you i am hiding
me
everybody's story is different just
because harper isn't ready
doesn't mean she doesn't love you
[Music]
abby honey are you okay good morning
i'm sorry about all this mess morning
kids
morning honey i'm headed to the office
have a good day you know i will
[Music]
you